cloud: update the index page according to the latest TOC (#20143)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/key-concepts.md

## AI features

The AI features in TiDB Cloud enable you to fully leverage advanced technologies for data exploration, search, and integration. [Learn more about AI features](/tidb-cloud/ai-feature-concepts.md).

## Data Service (Beta)

Data Service enables you to access TiDB Cloud data via an HTTPS request using a custom API endpoint. [Learn more about Data Service](/tidb-cloud/data-service-concepts.md).

## Scalability

TiDB Cloud Dedicated lets you adjust its compute and storage resources separately to match your data volume or workload changes. [Learn more about scalability](/tidb-cloud/scalability-concepts.md).

## High availability

TiDB Cloud ensures high availability in both TiDB Cloud Serverless and TiDB Cloud Dedicated clusters:

- [High Availability in TiDB Cloud Serverless](/tidb-cloud/serverless-high-availability.md)
- [High Availability in TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/high-availability-with-multi-az.md)

## Monitoring

TiDB Cloud provides comprehensive monitoring capabilities for cluster performance and health. [Learn more about monitoring](/tidb-cloud/monitoring-concepts.md).

## Data streaming

> TiDB Cloud lets you stream data changes from your TiDB Cluster to other systems like Kafka, MySQL, and object storage. [Learn more about data streaming](/tidb-cloud/data-streaming-concepts.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud lets you stream data changes from your TiDB Cluster to other systems such as Kafka, MySQL, and object storage. [Learn more about data streaming](/tidb-cloud/data-streaming-concepts.md).
```

## Backup & Restore

> TiDB Cloud offers automated backup solutions and point-in-time recovery capabilities. [Learn more about backup and restore](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore-concepts.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud offers automated backup solutions and point-in-time recovery (PITR) capabilities. [Learn more about backup and restore](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore-concepts.md).
```
